# 4.3 Compare Results

## Query 1

-   **query**: "Christmas toys for kids" (keyword-based)

-   **BM25 top 5 results**:

1.  (6.881) Funko POP Animation: My Hero Acadamia - Eri, Multicolor, (47594) Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely. Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Vinyl Imported Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely . Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Package Dimensions: 9.0 L x 16.4 H x 11.6 W (centimeters) Item Package Weight: 0.25 pounds Toys & Games Toy Figures & Playsets Action Figures
2.  (5.131) Panda Toy for Girls 5 Pcs Set. Mommy, 2 Baby Panda Toys, XL Furry Bag and Baby Blanket. Cute Plush Gift Set 3 4 5 Year Old Girl, Stuffed Animal for Little Girls. Birthday, Christmas Age 3-8 PERFECTTO TOY DESIGN - Where perfection and design go hand in hand. This is Sharon from Perfectto I LOVE MY JOB! I’m a mother, so all my design choices get tested on my own family before I bring them to you and I’ve never seen my girls more excited than with this rabbit family set. SAFETY, QUALITY AND SUITABILITY ARE OUR FIRST CONCERNS We maintain strict standards of only the best quality materials for our plush toys. They are durable, washable and practical while still being sweet and adorable. NOT JUST ANOTHER STUFFED TOY Small stuffed animal toys for kids are fun but your kids need more. Cuddly Mommy Bunny and two babies plus the delightful little blankie bring your child lots of enjoyment and imaginary fun play. Among the most significant benefits of allowing a girl to play with stuffed animal toys are that it sparks their creativity. In reality, it enables their imagination to run rampant. THE PRACTICAL SIDE OF THIS TOY The shaggy white bag adds a practical element to this whole set. Large enough to carry Mommy and two babies, Great for use at home or away. Perfect to take on long trips in the car, on the bus, train, or plane. Your little one will love having all her precious plushies close to hand to while away the time. All this results in a much more pleasant and less stressful trip for child and parent. CHRISTMAS IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER and this is a great gift for your little princess from Mom and Dad, Grandma and Grandpa, aunts and uncles or friends. BUY YOURS WHILE STOCKS LAST, so you don’t have to hunt down your plush bunnies for Xmas. 5 PIECE PANDA TOY SET FOR GIRLS – Soft and fluffy, black and white mommy bear, 2 baby pandas, baby doll blanket and extra-large white furry purse/handbag - SO MUCH LARGER than any other pet bag. THE birthday gift for any little girl age 3-8 (4 5 6 7 year old girl gift), Christmas and birthdays. THE PERFECT PANDA SET GIFT FOR GIRLS – Meaningful role-play family set, teaches your child how to care and protect. Develops languages skills and cognitive ability along with compassion and kindness. Not just another panda, but a whole family to play and cuddle with. PANDA STUFFED ANIMAL TOY that your girl or boy will love. Our Panda family toy set bring mystery into the life of your toddler and they will love the hours of the imaginary play. They’ll especially enjoy wrapping baby panda up in their very own SOFT BLANKY. FOR YOUR PEACE OF MIND - All parts are USA Children Certified. Made of the best and softest fabrics. WE AIM FOR PERFECTION – We design our own unique play sets for little girls and boys like yours and we’re available to answer any concern you may have. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys
3.  (3.425) READY 2 LEARN Christmas Crafts - Design Your Own Travel Mugs - Set of 2 - Christmas Crafts for Kids - Reusable 11 oz Water Bottles - BPA Free Design your own holiday-themed Travel Mugs with this complete Christmas craft kit! This Christmas craft kit includes: 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs to color and 2 detachable straps. Children will love to create unique Christmas-themed designs, decorate their water bottles and give customized gifts to the entire family! This water bottle craft kit fosters creative expression, hand-eye coordination and fine motor skills as children color or draw their own designs! \|\| These reusable water bottles hold up to 11oz of liquid and are BPA-free. \|\| For ages 3+. 2 CUSTOMIZABLE BOTTLES -- This water bottle craft kit includes 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs for coloring, 2 detachable straps and illustrated instructions CREATIVITY TO GO! -- These water bottles are reusable and can hold up to 11 oz of liquid. Children will love to take their Christmas designs on the go! DESIGNED FOR KIDS -- These travel mugs are made of durable, BPA-free plastic. Simply decorate and color the designs, then twist open the inner enclosure and insert them. A clever Christmas craft idea! MAKE CUSTOMIZED GIFTS -- Children can create unique gifts and treasures for the entire family. Brother, sister, mom, dad and grandma will love to receive these personalized water bottles! FOSTER EARLY DEVELOPMENT -- Arts and crafts activities develop fine motor, identification and problem-solving skills in a fun, stress-free way. Help kids grow with this Christmas craft kit! CRAFT, IMAGINE, CREATE -- At READY 2 LEARN, we believe kids should play freely and immerse themselves in creativity! Our products are designed to inspire confidence and let imaginations run wild! Toys & Games Arts & Crafts Craft Kits Scrapbooking
4.  (3.395) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (3.034) Larcele Micro Giraffe Building Blocks Animal Mini Building Toy Bricks,4737 Pieces KLJM-02 (Model 2841) The bricks are Very Tiny, please look over the images before order. We suggest you hold the pieces with a tweezer (not included) . The instructions maybe a little complex, please be patient and you will enjoy it. Once the first few layers have been completed it gets a lot easier. Materials: plastic. One set including 4737 pieces. Instructions included. The product meets the criteria and is suitable for 3+. However, based on the customer feedback, we recommend for 14+. Also it's a leisure game for adults, funny and reduce pressure. Great gift for one who love building blocks. Due to the craftsmanship of the building blocks, if there are any problem during the installation process, such as missing pieces or installation manual. Feel free to contact us! We'd here to help! Please note that mixed delivery of original and new version, you may receive different version. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Activity Building Sets

-   **Embedding search top 5 results**:

1.  (1.354) Big Bubbles Dinosaur Bubble Machine for Kids Backyard Summer Toys for Outdoors Activity, Easter, Birthday Gift for Boys& Girls Product Content: 1 x Bubbles Gun, 1 x 8oz Bubble Liquid. Not Included Screwdriver&Batteries. Perfect for Christmas gifts, birthday gift, party toys, Easter gift, Halloween gift, holiday toy gifts New Year Gifts for kids ages 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 year old boys/girls Refer to the installation steps or installation video in Figure 3: ① Unscrew the screws of the battery compartment cover. ② Put the battery in the correct way. ③ Install the protective cover and the fan blade (1mm gap is reserved at the fan blade installation place). ④ Test whether the operation is smooth. ⑤ For normal operation, install the battery compartment cover and other accessories and start playing Happy Time for Family - Child's and dogs like to chase colorful bubbles in the sun. The pictures of children and dogs playing make most adults and elderly people recall their happy childhood, as if they were children again. The cute dinosaur looks and solid touch are beloved by children alike, toddler kids easily create huge bubbles. With round appearance and high-quality materials, parents can rest assured to watch their children play or game together Happy Time for Kids - Perfect for Themed Party, Ceremony, Carnival, Birthday Parties, Party Favors, Camping Trips, Halloween, Weddings, School Classroom, Easter Basket Stuffers, Outdoor Water Toy Game Activities, Beach, Pack, Backyard Bubbles or Pool party etc..RUN BRAIN GO bubble gun brings fun and laughter to children & parents & pets Worry Free Purchase - The dinosaur bubble gun certified conforms to U.S toy safety standards ASTM. Rest assured to buy and play. We provide 7\*24 hours Amazon Messages best service for your. Free exchange/return for any product quality issues to ensure your shopping experience Toys & Games Sports & Outdoor Play Bubbles Bubble Makers
2.  (1.374) Wonder Forge Curious George Matching Game for Boys & Girls Age 3 and Up - A Fun & Fast Monkey Memory Game Product Description Play the classic game of matching and memory with everybody's favorite monkey! Flip over tiles and find colorful pictures of curious George and friends. Collect the most pairs to win! From the Manufacturer It’s the classic game of matching and memory—now featuring everybody’s favorite monkey. Flip over two tiles to find colorful pictures of Curious George and his friends. Did you find a match? If so, keep them in your scoring pile and take another turn. If not, turn them back over—but try to remember what pictures they had for later in the game. Collect the most pairs to win. I Can Do That. Games foster self-confidence by giving kids a chance to discover what they can do. Favorite Dr. Seuss, Curious George, and Richard Scarry characters come to life—challenging kids to run, slide, hide, seek, sort, explore—and more. By engaging kids physically, socially, and creatively, I Can Do That. Games provide endless hours of fun for the whole family. What you get – curious George matching game comes with 72 tiles and instructions. Clear instructions – Easy to learn with a clear instruction manual. Learn to play in less than five minutes! Develops critical skills – this game helps preschoolers practice their focus, memory, and matching skills. Characters you love – enjoy fun pictures of all your favorite curious George characters, including George, the man with the yellow hat, chef pisghetti, compass, Gnocchi, and more! Great for kids and families – matching not only offers great solo play opportunities for your preschooler, but is also a great game for adults to join in on the fun. It takes just 15 minutes to play, less than 5 minutes to teach, and makes a fantastic Easter gift! Toys & Games Games & Accessories Board Games
3.  (1.376) LeapFrog 490403 Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge Product Description Read & play with Peppa Pig! help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house together! find the objects to pick up and learn their beginning letters. You can also read about Peppa's fancy dress party through the interactive e-book and find out who wins the prize for the best outfit! there are also lots of interactive activities, such as spot the difference in George's dinosaur book. For ages 3-5 years. Works with all leap pad systems. Set Contains: 1 x Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge, 1 x Instruction Manual 100% Help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house. Teaches alphabet, beginning letters, vocabulary, reading, and problem solving Ages 3-5 years Model number: 490403 Toys & Games Learning & Education Electronic Learning Toys Learning System Cartridges
4.  (1.455) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (1.477) MindSprout Unicorn Mommy Stuffed with 4 Babies Inside her Tummy, for Girls 3 4 5 6 7 8 Years Old, Unicorn Toys for Girls Age 4-5, Best Birthday Gifts, Stuffed Animals Toy Age 6-8 MindSprout Includes 1 mommy with 4 babies that can be removed through the zipper pouch opening on mom's tummy. girl toys age 8-10 years old Made of high-quality fabric and durable stitching, these unicorn toys are popular stuffed animals for girls from toddlers to teens. Mom approved safe. Plush Mommy Unicorn is Non-toxic and BPA free. You can rest easy knowing Peek a Bug is free of any sharp edges or harsh materials. Safe and fun exploration for hours! Valentines day gifts for kids, Best birthday presents for 4 year old age birthday, 5 year old birthday, 6 year old birthday, 7 year old birthday, 8 year old birthday, 9 year old birthday We stand behind our products. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with Peek a Bug just return it for a full refund. No questions asked. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys

-   Comparison and comments:

1)  BM25 performs a bit better in this case since it is able to match the keywords "Christmas", "toy" more accurately. Many of the top results from BM25 directly include "Christmas gift/toy", whereas embedding search tends to retrieve toys for general cases, ignoring the important Christmas context.

2)  However, BM25 is not perfect here, and under some cases embedding search has its own advantages: BM25 sometimes returns toys that are for teenagers/adults therefore being too complex, such as BM25 result 5 (result for age 14+). Embedding search is better at suggesting toys designed for kids, though it may miss the seasonal context.

3)  The top 5 results are helpful to some extent, though not fully reliable. These retrieval results are overall relevant to the query, satisfying most of the requirements, but with room for improvement.

4)  Since this case is keyword-based, BM25 slightly outperforms embedding search.

## Query 2

-   **query**: "Action games for boys" (keyword-based)

-   **BM25 top 5 results**:

1.  (6.881) Funko POP Animation: My Hero Acadamia - Eri, Multicolor, (47594) Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely. Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Vinyl Imported Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely . Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Package Dimensions: 9.0 L x 16.4 H x 11.6 W (centimeters) Item Package Weight: 0.25 pounds Toys & Games Toy Figures & Playsets Action Figures
2.  (5.131) Panda Toy for Girls 5 Pcs Set. Mommy, 2 Baby Panda Toys, XL Furry Bag and Baby Blanket. Cute Plush Gift Set 3 4 5 Year Old Girl, Stuffed Animal for Little Girls. Birthday, Christmas Age 3-8 PERFECTTO TOY DESIGN - Where perfection and design go hand in hand. This is Sharon from Perfectto I LOVE MY JOB! I’m a mother, so all my design choices get tested on my own family before I bring them to you and I’ve never seen my girls more excited than with this rabbit family set. SAFETY, QUALITY AND SUITABILITY ARE OUR FIRST CONCERNS We maintain strict standards of only the best quality materials for our plush toys. They are durable, washable and practical while still being sweet and adorable. NOT JUST ANOTHER STUFFED TOY Small stuffed animal toys for kids are fun but your kids need more. Cuddly Mommy Bunny and two babies plus the delightful little blankie bring your child lots of enjoyment and imaginary fun play. Among the most significant benefits of allowing a girl to play with stuffed animal toys are that it sparks their creativity. In reality, it enables their imagination to run rampant. THE PRACTICAL SIDE OF THIS TOY The shaggy white bag adds a practical element to this whole set. Large enough to carry Mommy and two babies, Great for use at home or away. Perfect to take on long trips in the car, on the bus, train, or plane. Your little one will love having all her precious plushies close to hand to while away the time. All this results in a much more pleasant and less stressful trip for child and parent. CHRISTMAS IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER and this is a great gift for your little princess from Mom and Dad, Grandma and Grandpa, aunts and uncles or friends. BUY YOURS WHILE STOCKS LAST, so you don’t have to hunt down your plush bunnies for Xmas. 5 PIECE PANDA TOY SET FOR GIRLS – Soft and fluffy, black and white mommy bear, 2 baby pandas, baby doll blanket and extra-large white furry purse/handbag - SO MUCH LARGER than any other pet bag. THE birthday gift for any little girl age 3-8 (4 5 6 7 year old girl gift), Christmas and birthdays. THE PERFECT PANDA SET GIFT FOR GIRLS – Meaningful role-play family set, teaches your child how to care and protect. Develops languages skills and cognitive ability along with compassion and kindness. Not just another panda, but a whole family to play and cuddle with. PANDA STUFFED ANIMAL TOY that your girl or boy will love. Our Panda family toy set bring mystery into the life of your toddler and they will love the hours of the imaginary play. They’ll especially enjoy wrapping baby panda up in their very own SOFT BLANKY. FOR YOUR PEACE OF MIND - All parts are USA Children Certified. Made of the best and softest fabrics. WE AIM FOR PERFECTION – We design our own unique play sets for little girls and boys like yours and we’re available to answer any concern you may have. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys
3.  (3.425) READY 2 LEARN Christmas Crafts - Design Your Own Travel Mugs - Set of 2 - Christmas Crafts for Kids - Reusable 11 oz Water Bottles - BPA Free Design your own holiday-themed Travel Mugs with this complete Christmas craft kit! This Christmas craft kit includes: 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs to color and 2 detachable straps. Children will love to create unique Christmas-themed designs, decorate their water bottles and give customized gifts to the entire family! This water bottle craft kit fosters creative expression, hand-eye coordination and fine motor skills as children color or draw their own designs! \|\| These reusable water bottles hold up to 11oz of liquid and are BPA-free. \|\| For ages 3+. 2 CUSTOMIZABLE BOTTLES -- This water bottle craft kit includes 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs for coloring, 2 detachable straps and illustrated instructions CREATIVITY TO GO! -- These water bottles are reusable and can hold up to 11 oz of liquid. Children will love to take their Christmas designs on the go! DESIGNED FOR KIDS -- These travel mugs are made of durable, BPA-free plastic. Simply decorate and color the designs, then twist open the inner enclosure and insert them. A clever Christmas craft idea! MAKE CUSTOMIZED GIFTS -- Children can create unique gifts and treasures for the entire family. Brother, sister, mom, dad and grandma will love to receive these personalized water bottles! FOSTER EARLY DEVELOPMENT -- Arts and crafts activities develop fine motor, identification and problem-solving skills in a fun, stress-free way. Help kids grow with this Christmas craft kit! CRAFT, IMAGINE, CREATE -- At READY 2 LEARN, we believe kids should play freely and immerse themselves in creativity! Our products are designed to inspire confidence and let imaginations run wild! Toys & Games Arts & Crafts Craft Kits Scrapbooking
4.  (3.395) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (3.034) Larcele Micro Giraffe Building Blocks Animal Mini Building Toy Bricks,4737 Pieces KLJM-02 (Model 2841) The bricks are Very Tiny, please look over the images before order. We suggest you hold the pieces with a tweezer (not included) . The instructions maybe a little complex, please be patient and you will enjoy it. Once the first few layers have been completed it gets a lot easier. Materials: plastic. One set including 4737 pieces. Instructions included. The product meets the criteria and is suitable for 3+. However, based on the customer feedback, we recommend for 14+. Also it's a leisure game for adults, funny and reduce pressure. Great gift for one who love building blocks. Due to the craftsmanship of the building blocks, if there are any problem during the installation process, such as missing pieces or installation manual. Feel free to contact us! We'd here to help! Please note that mixed delivery of original and new version, you may receive different version. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Activity Building Sets

-   **Embedding search top 5 results**:

1.  (1.354) Big Bubbles Dinosaur Bubble Machine for Kids Backyard Summer Toys for Outdoors Activity, Easter, Birthday Gift for Boys& Girls Product Content: 1 x Bubbles Gun, 1 x 8oz Bubble Liquid. Not Included Screwdriver&Batteries. Perfect for Christmas gifts, birthday gift, party toys, Easter gift, Halloween gift, holiday toy gifts New Year Gifts for kids ages 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 year old boys/girls Refer to the installation steps or installation video in Figure 3: ① Unscrew the screws of the battery compartment cover. ② Put the battery in the correct way. ③ Install the protective cover and the fan blade (1mm gap is reserved at the fan blade installation place). ④ Test whether the operation is smooth. ⑤ For normal operation, install the battery compartment cover and other accessories and start playing Happy Time for Family - Child's and dogs like to chase colorful bubbles in the sun. The pictures of children and dogs playing make most adults and elderly people recall their happy childhood, as if they were children again. The cute dinosaur looks and solid touch are beloved by children alike, toddler kids easily create huge bubbles. With round appearance and high-quality materials, parents can rest assured to watch their children play or game together Happy Time for Kids - Perfect for Themed Party, Ceremony, Carnival, Birthday Parties, Party Favors, Camping Trips, Halloween, Weddings, School Classroom, Easter Basket Stuffers, Outdoor Water Toy Game Activities, Beach, Pack, Backyard Bubbles or Pool party etc..RUN BRAIN GO bubble gun brings fun and laughter to children & parents & pets Worry Free Purchase - The dinosaur bubble gun certified conforms to U.S toy safety standards ASTM. Rest assured to buy and play. We provide 7\*24 hours Amazon Messages best service for your. Free exchange/return for any product quality issues to ensure your shopping experience Toys & Games Sports & Outdoor Play Bubbles Bubble Makers
2.  (1.374) Wonder Forge Curious George Matching Game for Boys & Girls Age 3 and Up - A Fun & Fast Monkey Memory Game Product Description Play the classic game of matching and memory with everybody's favorite monkey! Flip over tiles and find colorful pictures of curious George and friends. Collect the most pairs to win! From the Manufacturer It’s the classic game of matching and memory—now featuring everybody’s favorite monkey. Flip over two tiles to find colorful pictures of Curious George and his friends. Did you find a match? If so, keep them in your scoring pile and take another turn. If not, turn them back over—but try to remember what pictures they had for later in the game. Collect the most pairs to win. I Can Do That. Games foster self-confidence by giving kids a chance to discover what they can do. Favorite Dr. Seuss, Curious George, and Richard Scarry characters come to life—challenging kids to run, slide, hide, seek, sort, explore—and more. By engaging kids physically, socially, and creatively, I Can Do That. Games provide endless hours of fun for the whole family. What you get – curious George matching game comes with 72 tiles and instructions. Clear instructions – Easy to learn with a clear instruction manual. Learn to play in less than five minutes! Develops critical skills – this game helps preschoolers practice their focus, memory, and matching skills. Characters you love – enjoy fun pictures of all your favorite curious George characters, including George, the man with the yellow hat, chef pisghetti, compass, Gnocchi, and more! Great for kids and families – matching not only offers great solo play opportunities for your preschooler, but is also a great game for adults to join in on the fun. It takes just 15 minutes to play, less than 5 minutes to teach, and makes a fantastic Easter gift! Toys & Games Games & Accessories Board Games
3.  (1.376) LeapFrog 490403 Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge Product Description Read & play with Peppa Pig! help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house together! find the objects to pick up and learn their beginning letters. You can also read about Peppa's fancy dress party through the interactive e-book and find out who wins the prize for the best outfit! there are also lots of interactive activities, such as spot the difference in George's dinosaur book. For ages 3-5 years. Works with all leap pad systems. Set Contains: 1 x Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge, 1 x Instruction Manual 100% Help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house. Teaches alphabet, beginning letters, vocabulary, reading, and problem solving Ages 3-5 years Model number: 490403 Toys & Games Learning & Education Electronic Learning Toys Learning System Cartridges
4.  (1.455) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (1.477) MindSprout Unicorn Mommy Stuffed with 4 Babies Inside her Tummy, for Girls 3 4 5 6 7 8 Years Old, Unicorn Toys for Girls Age 4-5, Best Birthday Gifts, Stuffed Animals Toy Age 6-8 MindSprout Includes 1 mommy with 4 babies that can be removed through the zipper pouch opening on mom's tummy. girl toys age 8-10 years old Made of high-quality fabric and durable stitching, these unicorn toys are popular stuffed animals for girls from toddlers to teens. Mom approved safe. Plush Mommy Unicorn is Non-toxic and BPA free. You can rest easy knowing Peek a Bug is free of any sharp edges or harsh materials. Safe and fun exploration for hours! Valentines day gifts for kids, Best birthday presents for 4 year old age birthday, 5 year old birthday, 6 year old birthday, 7 year old birthday, 8 year old birthday, 9 year old birthday We stand behind our products. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with Peek a Bug just return it for a full refund. No questions asked. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys

-   Comparison and comments:

1)  For this query, neither of BM25 or embedding search performs well. This is probably because there is not much relevant data available in the data source.

2)  BM25 is able to match keywords like "action", but most of the returned results are not games, which can be misleading.

3)  Embedding search is able to return some games, but the themes of games are not correct.

4)  The returned results are not useful generally speaking, since they are either not games or they have the wrong theme. Again, this can be due to a lack of relevant data from the source. If no such data exists, then no retrieval algorithm can provide ideal results.

## Query 3

-   **query**: "Games that boost children's creativity" (semantic-based)

-   **BM25 top 5 results**:

1.  (6.881) Funko POP Animation: My Hero Acadamia - Eri, Multicolor, (47594) Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely. Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Vinyl Imported Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely . Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Package Dimensions: 9.0 L x 16.4 H x 11.6 W (centimeters) Item Package Weight: 0.25 pounds Toys & Games Toy Figures & Playsets Action Figures
2.  (5.131) Panda Toy for Girls 5 Pcs Set. Mommy, 2 Baby Panda Toys, XL Furry Bag and Baby Blanket. Cute Plush Gift Set 3 4 5 Year Old Girl, Stuffed Animal for Little Girls. Birthday, Christmas Age 3-8 PERFECTTO TOY DESIGN - Where perfection and design go hand in hand. This is Sharon from Perfectto I LOVE MY JOB! I’m a mother, so all my design choices get tested on my own family before I bring them to you and I’ve never seen my girls more excited than with this rabbit family set. SAFETY, QUALITY AND SUITABILITY ARE OUR FIRST CONCERNS We maintain strict standards of only the best quality materials for our plush toys. They are durable, washable and practical while still being sweet and adorable. NOT JUST ANOTHER STUFFED TOY Small stuffed animal toys for kids are fun but your kids need more. Cuddly Mommy Bunny and two babies plus the delightful little blankie bring your child lots of enjoyment and imaginary fun play. Among the most significant benefits of allowing a girl to play with stuffed animal toys are that it sparks their creativity. In reality, it enables their imagination to run rampant. THE PRACTICAL SIDE OF THIS TOY The shaggy white bag adds a practical element to this whole set. Large enough to carry Mommy and two babies, Great for use at home or away. Perfect to take on long trips in the car, on the bus, train, or plane. Your little one will love having all her precious plushies close to hand to while away the time. All this results in a much more pleasant and less stressful trip for child and parent. CHRISTMAS IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER and this is a great gift for your little princess from Mom and Dad, Grandma and Grandpa, aunts and uncles or friends. BUY YOURS WHILE STOCKS LAST, so you don’t have to hunt down your plush bunnies for Xmas. 5 PIECE PANDA TOY SET FOR GIRLS – Soft and fluffy, black and white mommy bear, 2 baby pandas, baby doll blanket and extra-large white furry purse/handbag - SO MUCH LARGER than any other pet bag. THE birthday gift for any little girl age 3-8 (4 5 6 7 year old girl gift), Christmas and birthdays. THE PERFECT PANDA SET GIFT FOR GIRLS – Meaningful role-play family set, teaches your child how to care and protect. Develops languages skills and cognitive ability along with compassion and kindness. Not just another panda, but a whole family to play and cuddle with. PANDA STUFFED ANIMAL TOY that your girl or boy will love. Our Panda family toy set bring mystery into the life of your toddler and they will love the hours of the imaginary play. They’ll especially enjoy wrapping baby panda up in their very own SOFT BLANKY. FOR YOUR PEACE OF MIND - All parts are USA Children Certified. Made of the best and softest fabrics. WE AIM FOR PERFECTION – We design our own unique play sets for little girls and boys like yours and we’re available to answer any concern you may have. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys
3.  (3.425) READY 2 LEARN Christmas Crafts - Design Your Own Travel Mugs - Set of 2 - Christmas Crafts for Kids - Reusable 11 oz Water Bottles - BPA Free Design your own holiday-themed Travel Mugs with this complete Christmas craft kit! This Christmas craft kit includes: 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs to color and 2 detachable straps. Children will love to create unique Christmas-themed designs, decorate their water bottles and give customized gifts to the entire family! This water bottle craft kit fosters creative expression, hand-eye coordination and fine motor skills as children color or draw their own designs! \|\| These reusable water bottles hold up to 11oz of liquid and are BPA-free. \|\| For ages 3+. 2 CUSTOMIZABLE BOTTLES -- This water bottle craft kit includes 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs for coloring, 2 detachable straps and illustrated instructions CREATIVITY TO GO! -- These water bottles are reusable and can hold up to 11 oz of liquid. Children will love to take their Christmas designs on the go! DESIGNED FOR KIDS -- These travel mugs are made of durable, BPA-free plastic. Simply decorate and color the designs, then twist open the inner enclosure and insert them. A clever Christmas craft idea! MAKE CUSTOMIZED GIFTS -- Children can create unique gifts and treasures for the entire family. Brother, sister, mom, dad and grandma will love to receive these personalized water bottles! FOSTER EARLY DEVELOPMENT -- Arts and crafts activities develop fine motor, identification and problem-solving skills in a fun, stress-free way. Help kids grow with this Christmas craft kit! CRAFT, IMAGINE, CREATE -- At READY 2 LEARN, we believe kids should play freely and immerse themselves in creativity! Our products are designed to inspire confidence and let imaginations run wild! Toys & Games Arts & Crafts Craft Kits Scrapbooking
4.  (3.395) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (3.034) Larcele Micro Giraffe Building Blocks Animal Mini Building Toy Bricks,4737 Pieces KLJM-02 (Model 2841) The bricks are Very Tiny, please look over the images before order. We suggest you hold the pieces with a tweezer (not included) . The instructions maybe a little complex, please be patient and you will enjoy it. Once the first few layers have been completed it gets a lot easier. Materials: plastic. One set including 4737 pieces. Instructions included. The product meets the criteria and is suitable for 3+. However, based on the customer feedback, we recommend for 14+. Also it's a leisure game for adults, funny and reduce pressure. Great gift for one who love building blocks. Due to the craftsmanship of the building blocks, if there are any problem during the installation process, such as missing pieces or installation manual. Feel free to contact us! We'd here to help! Please note that mixed delivery of original and new version, you may receive different version. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Activity Building Sets

-   **Embedding search top 5 results**:

1.  (1.354) Big Bubbles Dinosaur Bubble Machine for Kids Backyard Summer Toys for Outdoors Activity, Easter, Birthday Gift for Boys& Girls Product Content: 1 x Bubbles Gun, 1 x 8oz Bubble Liquid. Not Included Screwdriver&Batteries. Perfect for Christmas gifts, birthday gift, party toys, Easter gift, Halloween gift, holiday toy gifts New Year Gifts for kids ages 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 year old boys/girls Refer to the installation steps or installation video in Figure 3: ① Unscrew the screws of the battery compartment cover. ② Put the battery in the correct way. ③ Install the protective cover and the fan blade (1mm gap is reserved at the fan blade installation place). ④ Test whether the operation is smooth. ⑤ For normal operation, install the battery compartment cover and other accessories and start playing Happy Time for Family - Child's and dogs like to chase colorful bubbles in the sun. The pictures of children and dogs playing make most adults and elderly people recall their happy childhood, as if they were children again. The cute dinosaur looks and solid touch are beloved by children alike, toddler kids easily create huge bubbles. With round appearance and high-quality materials, parents can rest assured to watch their children play or game together Happy Time for Kids - Perfect for Themed Party, Ceremony, Carnival, Birthday Parties, Party Favors, Camping Trips, Halloween, Weddings, School Classroom, Easter Basket Stuffers, Outdoor Water Toy Game Activities, Beach, Pack, Backyard Bubbles or Pool party etc..RUN BRAIN GO bubble gun brings fun and laughter to children & parents & pets Worry Free Purchase - The dinosaur bubble gun certified conforms to U.S toy safety standards ASTM. Rest assured to buy and play. We provide 7\*24 hours Amazon Messages best service for your. Free exchange/return for any product quality issues to ensure your shopping experience Toys & Games Sports & Outdoor Play Bubbles Bubble Makers
2.  (1.374) Wonder Forge Curious George Matching Game for Boys & Girls Age 3 and Up - A Fun & Fast Monkey Memory Game Product Description Play the classic game of matching and memory with everybody's favorite monkey! Flip over tiles and find colorful pictures of curious George and friends. Collect the most pairs to win! From the Manufacturer It’s the classic game of matching and memory—now featuring everybody’s favorite monkey. Flip over two tiles to find colorful pictures of Curious George and his friends. Did you find a match? If so, keep them in your scoring pile and take another turn. If not, turn them back over—but try to remember what pictures they had for later in the game. Collect the most pairs to win. I Can Do That. Games foster self-confidence by giving kids a chance to discover what they can do. Favorite Dr. Seuss, Curious George, and Richard Scarry characters come to life—challenging kids to run, slide, hide, seek, sort, explore—and more. By engaging kids physically, socially, and creatively, I Can Do That. Games provide endless hours of fun for the whole family. What you get – curious George matching game comes with 72 tiles and instructions. Clear instructions – Easy to learn with a clear instruction manual. Learn to play in less than five minutes! Develops critical skills – this game helps preschoolers practice their focus, memory, and matching skills. Characters you love – enjoy fun pictures of all your favorite curious George characters, including George, the man with the yellow hat, chef pisghetti, compass, Gnocchi, and more! Great for kids and families – matching not only offers great solo play opportunities for your preschooler, but is also a great game for adults to join in on the fun. It takes just 15 minutes to play, less than 5 minutes to teach, and makes a fantastic Easter gift! Toys & Games Games & Accessories Board Games
3.  (1.376) LeapFrog 490403 Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge Product Description Read & play with Peppa Pig! help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house together! find the objects to pick up and learn their beginning letters. You can also read about Peppa's fancy dress party through the interactive e-book and find out who wins the prize for the best outfit! there are also lots of interactive activities, such as spot the difference in George's dinosaur book. For ages 3-5 years. Works with all leap pad systems. Set Contains: 1 x Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge, 1 x Instruction Manual 100% Help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house. Teaches alphabet, beginning letters, vocabulary, reading, and problem solving Ages 3-5 years Model number: 490403 Toys & Games Learning & Education Electronic Learning Toys Learning System Cartridges
4.  (1.455) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (1.477) MindSprout Unicorn Mommy Stuffed with 4 Babies Inside her Tummy, for Girls 3 4 5 6 7 8 Years Old, Unicorn Toys for Girls Age 4-5, Best Birthday Gifts, Stuffed Animals Toy Age 6-8 MindSprout Includes 1 mommy with 4 babies that can be removed through the zipper pouch opening on mom's tummy. girl toys age 8-10 years old Made of high-quality fabric and durable stitching, these unicorn toys are popular stuffed animals for girls from toddlers to teens. Mom approved safe. Plush Mommy Unicorn is Non-toxic and BPA free. You can rest easy knowing Peek a Bug is free of any sharp edges or harsh materials. Safe and fun exploration for hours! Valentines day gifts for kids, Best birthday presents for 4 year old age birthday, 5 year old birthday, 6 year old birthday, 7 year old birthday, 8 year old birthday, 9 year old birthday We stand behind our products. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with Peek a Bug just return it for a full refund. No questions asked. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys

-   Comparison and comments:

1)  Here embedding search is clearly the winner compared to BM25, since this query is heavily semantic-based. Embedding search can return games that are suitable for imagination/learning, which have similar meanings to our query.

2)  BM25 fails here since there aren't many strings that contain the keyword "creativity". By hard matching, BM25 misses many similar cases that use the synonym of "creativity".

3)  The more useful results are returned by embedding search in this case, while BM25's results are mostly irrelevant.

4)  So, for semantic-based queries, embedding search stands out for its flexibility, while BM25's performance is poor.

## Query 4

-   **query**: "Toy or game for kids who love animals" (semantic-based)

-   **BM25 top 5 results**:

1.  (6.881) Funko POP Animation: My Hero Acadamia - Eri, Multicolor, (47594) Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely. Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Vinyl Imported Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely . Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Package Dimensions: 9.0 L x 16.4 H x 11.6 W (centimeters) Item Package Weight: 0.25 pounds Toys & Games Toy Figures & Playsets Action Figures
2.  (5.131) Panda Toy for Girls 5 Pcs Set. Mommy, 2 Baby Panda Toys, XL Furry Bag and Baby Blanket. Cute Plush Gift Set 3 4 5 Year Old Girl, Stuffed Animal for Little Girls. Birthday, Christmas Age 3-8 PERFECTTO TOY DESIGN - Where perfection and design go hand in hand. This is Sharon from Perfectto I LOVE MY JOB! I’m a mother, so all my design choices get tested on my own family before I bring them to you and I’ve never seen my girls more excited than with this rabbit family set. SAFETY, QUALITY AND SUITABILITY ARE OUR FIRST CONCERNS We maintain strict standards of only the best quality materials for our plush toys. They are durable, washable and practical while still being sweet and adorable. NOT JUST ANOTHER STUFFED TOY Small stuffed animal toys for kids are fun but your kids need more. Cuddly Mommy Bunny and two babies plus the delightful little blankie bring your child lots of enjoyment and imaginary fun play. Among the most significant benefits of allowing a girl to play with stuffed animal toys are that it sparks their creativity. In reality, it enables their imagination to run rampant. THE PRACTICAL SIDE OF THIS TOY The shaggy white bag adds a practical element to this whole set. Large enough to carry Mommy and two babies, Great for use at home or away. Perfect to take on long trips in the car, on the bus, train, or plane. Your little one will love having all her precious plushies close to hand to while away the time. All this results in a much more pleasant and less stressful trip for child and parent. CHRISTMAS IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER and this is a great gift for your little princess from Mom and Dad, Grandma and Grandpa, aunts and uncles or friends. BUY YOURS WHILE STOCKS LAST, so you don’t have to hunt down your plush bunnies for Xmas. 5 PIECE PANDA TOY SET FOR GIRLS – Soft and fluffy, black and white mommy bear, 2 baby pandas, baby doll blanket and extra-large white furry purse/handbag - SO MUCH LARGER than any other pet bag. THE birthday gift for any little girl age 3-8 (4 5 6 7 year old girl gift), Christmas and birthdays. THE PERFECT PANDA SET GIFT FOR GIRLS – Meaningful role-play family set, teaches your child how to care and protect. Develops languages skills and cognitive ability along with compassion and kindness. Not just another panda, but a whole family to play and cuddle with. PANDA STUFFED ANIMAL TOY that your girl or boy will love. Our Panda family toy set bring mystery into the life of your toddler and they will love the hours of the imaginary play. They’ll especially enjoy wrapping baby panda up in their very own SOFT BLANKY. FOR YOUR PEACE OF MIND - All parts are USA Children Certified. Made of the best and softest fabrics. WE AIM FOR PERFECTION – We design our own unique play sets for little girls and boys like yours and we’re available to answer any concern you may have. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys
3.  (3.425) READY 2 LEARN Christmas Crafts - Design Your Own Travel Mugs - Set of 2 - Christmas Crafts for Kids - Reusable 11 oz Water Bottles - BPA Free Design your own holiday-themed Travel Mugs with this complete Christmas craft kit! This Christmas craft kit includes: 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs to color and 2 detachable straps. Children will love to create unique Christmas-themed designs, decorate their water bottles and give customized gifts to the entire family! This water bottle craft kit fosters creative expression, hand-eye coordination and fine motor skills as children color or draw their own designs! \|\| These reusable water bottles hold up to 11oz of liquid and are BPA-free. \|\| For ages 3+. 2 CUSTOMIZABLE BOTTLES -- This water bottle craft kit includes 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs for coloring, 2 detachable straps and illustrated instructions CREATIVITY TO GO! -- These water bottles are reusable and can hold up to 11 oz of liquid. Children will love to take their Christmas designs on the go! DESIGNED FOR KIDS -- These travel mugs are made of durable, BPA-free plastic. Simply decorate and color the designs, then twist open the inner enclosure and insert them. A clever Christmas craft idea! MAKE CUSTOMIZED GIFTS -- Children can create unique gifts and treasures for the entire family. Brother, sister, mom, dad and grandma will love to receive these personalized water bottles! FOSTER EARLY DEVELOPMENT -- Arts and crafts activities develop fine motor, identification and problem-solving skills in a fun, stress-free way. Help kids grow with this Christmas craft kit! CRAFT, IMAGINE, CREATE -- At READY 2 LEARN, we believe kids should play freely and immerse themselves in creativity! Our products are designed to inspire confidence and let imaginations run wild! Toys & Games Arts & Crafts Craft Kits Scrapbooking
4.  (3.395) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (3.034) Larcele Micro Giraffe Building Blocks Animal Mini Building Toy Bricks,4737 Pieces KLJM-02 (Model 2841) The bricks are Very Tiny, please look over the images before order. We suggest you hold the pieces with a tweezer (not included) . The instructions maybe a little complex, please be patient and you will enjoy it. Once the first few layers have been completed it gets a lot easier. Materials: plastic. One set including 4737 pieces. Instructions included. The product meets the criteria and is suitable for 3+. However, based on the customer feedback, we recommend for 14+. Also it's a leisure game for adults, funny and reduce pressure. Great gift for one who love building blocks. Due to the craftsmanship of the building blocks, if there are any problem during the installation process, such as missing pieces or installation manual. Feel free to contact us! We'd here to help! Please note that mixed delivery of original and new version, you may receive different version. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Activity Building Sets

-   **Embedding search top 5 results**:

1.  (1.354) Big Bubbles Dinosaur Bubble Machine for Kids Backyard Summer Toys for Outdoors Activity, Easter, Birthday Gift for Boys& Girls Product Content: 1 x Bubbles Gun, 1 x 8oz Bubble Liquid. Not Included Screwdriver&Batteries. Perfect for Christmas gifts, birthday gift, party toys, Easter gift, Halloween gift, holiday toy gifts New Year Gifts for kids ages 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 year old boys/girls Refer to the installation steps or installation video in Figure 3: ① Unscrew the screws of the battery compartment cover. ② Put the battery in the correct way. ③ Install the protective cover and the fan blade (1mm gap is reserved at the fan blade installation place). ④ Test whether the operation is smooth. ⑤ For normal operation, install the battery compartment cover and other accessories and start playing Happy Time for Family - Child's and dogs like to chase colorful bubbles in the sun. The pictures of children and dogs playing make most adults and elderly people recall their happy childhood, as if they were children again. The cute dinosaur looks and solid touch are beloved by children alike, toddler kids easily create huge bubbles. With round appearance and high-quality materials, parents can rest assured to watch their children play or game together Happy Time for Kids - Perfect for Themed Party, Ceremony, Carnival, Birthday Parties, Party Favors, Camping Trips, Halloween, Weddings, School Classroom, Easter Basket Stuffers, Outdoor Water Toy Game Activities, Beach, Pack, Backyard Bubbles or Pool party etc..RUN BRAIN GO bubble gun brings fun and laughter to children & parents & pets Worry Free Purchase - The dinosaur bubble gun certified conforms to U.S toy safety standards ASTM. Rest assured to buy and play. We provide 7\*24 hours Amazon Messages best service for your. Free exchange/return for any product quality issues to ensure your shopping experience Toys & Games Sports & Outdoor Play Bubbles Bubble Makers
2.  (1.374) Wonder Forge Curious George Matching Game for Boys & Girls Age 3 and Up - A Fun & Fast Monkey Memory Game Product Description Play the classic game of matching and memory with everybody's favorite monkey! Flip over tiles and find colorful pictures of curious George and friends. Collect the most pairs to win! From the Manufacturer It’s the classic game of matching and memory—now featuring everybody’s favorite monkey. Flip over two tiles to find colorful pictures of Curious George and his friends. Did you find a match? If so, keep them in your scoring pile and take another turn. If not, turn them back over—but try to remember what pictures they had for later in the game. Collect the most pairs to win. I Can Do That. Games foster self-confidence by giving kids a chance to discover what they can do. Favorite Dr. Seuss, Curious George, and Richard Scarry characters come to life—challenging kids to run, slide, hide, seek, sort, explore—and more. By engaging kids physically, socially, and creatively, I Can Do That. Games provide endless hours of fun for the whole family. What you get – curious George matching game comes with 72 tiles and instructions. Clear instructions – Easy to learn with a clear instruction manual. Learn to play in less than five minutes! Develops critical skills – this game helps preschoolers practice their focus, memory, and matching skills. Characters you love – enjoy fun pictures of all your favorite curious George characters, including George, the man with the yellow hat, chef pisghetti, compass, Gnocchi, and more! Great for kids and families – matching not only offers great solo play opportunities for your preschooler, but is also a great game for adults to join in on the fun. It takes just 15 minutes to play, less than 5 minutes to teach, and makes a fantastic Easter gift! Toys & Games Games & Accessories Board Games
3.  (1.376) LeapFrog 490403 Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge Product Description Read & play with Peppa Pig! help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house together! find the objects to pick up and learn their beginning letters. You can also read about Peppa's fancy dress party through the interactive e-book and find out who wins the prize for the best outfit! there are also lots of interactive activities, such as spot the difference in George's dinosaur book. For ages 3-5 years. Works with all leap pad systems. Set Contains: 1 x Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge, 1 x Instruction Manual 100% Help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house. Teaches alphabet, beginning letters, vocabulary, reading, and problem solving Ages 3-5 years Model number: 490403 Toys & Games Learning & Education Electronic Learning Toys Learning System Cartridges
4.  (1.455) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (1.477) MindSprout Unicorn Mommy Stuffed with 4 Babies Inside her Tummy, for Girls 3 4 5 6 7 8 Years Old, Unicorn Toys for Girls Age 4-5, Best Birthday Gifts, Stuffed Animals Toy Age 6-8 MindSprout Includes 1 mommy with 4 babies that can be removed through the zipper pouch opening on mom's tummy. girl toys age 8-10 years old Made of high-quality fabric and durable stitching, these unicorn toys are popular stuffed animals for girls from toddlers to teens. Mom approved safe. Plush Mommy Unicorn is Non-toxic and BPA free. You can rest easy knowing Peek a Bug is free of any sharp edges or harsh materials. Safe and fun exploration for hours! Valentines day gifts for kids, Best birthday presents for 4 year old age birthday, 5 year old birthday, 6 year old birthday, 7 year old birthday, 8 year old birthday, 9 year old birthday We stand behind our products. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with Peek a Bug just return it for a full refund. No questions asked. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys

-   Comparison and comments:

1)  Similar to query 3, embedding search wins again in this case. Since the query mentions "love animal", which is semantic, BM25 struggles since there aren't many strings that explicitly include the keyword "animal". Instead, it is more likely that specific animal names appear in the strings, but BM25 cannot recognize them.

2)  In contrast, embedding is able to return toys and games relevant to animals, such as dinosaur toys.

3)  To sum up, embedding search results are largely useful, matching the user's intent by returning animal-related products. But BM25 results are of poor quality, totally miss the context of "animal". This is expected, since BM25 generally fails when there are no matching keywords.

## Query 5

-   **query**: "Games that are straightforward to learn" (complex)

-   **BM25 top 5 results**:

1.  (6.881) Funko POP Animation: My Hero Acadamia - Eri, Multicolor, (47594) Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely. Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Vinyl Imported Eri's quirk can be dangerous to others with quirks which led to her mother disowning her. Rescue Pop! Eri and bring her into your My Hero Academia collection to train her how to use her quirk safely . Vinyl figure is approximately 3.5-inches tall. Package Dimensions: 9.0 L x 16.4 H x 11.6 W (centimeters) Item Package Weight: 0.25 pounds Toys & Games Toy Figures & Playsets Action Figures
2.  (5.131) Panda Toy for Girls 5 Pcs Set. Mommy, 2 Baby Panda Toys, XL Furry Bag and Baby Blanket. Cute Plush Gift Set 3 4 5 Year Old Girl, Stuffed Animal for Little Girls. Birthday, Christmas Age 3-8 PERFECTTO TOY DESIGN - Where perfection and design go hand in hand. This is Sharon from Perfectto I LOVE MY JOB! I’m a mother, so all my design choices get tested on my own family before I bring them to you and I’ve never seen my girls more excited than with this rabbit family set. SAFETY, QUALITY AND SUITABILITY ARE OUR FIRST CONCERNS We maintain strict standards of only the best quality materials for our plush toys. They are durable, washable and practical while still being sweet and adorable. NOT JUST ANOTHER STUFFED TOY Small stuffed animal toys for kids are fun but your kids need more. Cuddly Mommy Bunny and two babies plus the delightful little blankie bring your child lots of enjoyment and imaginary fun play. Among the most significant benefits of allowing a girl to play with stuffed animal toys are that it sparks their creativity. In reality, it enables their imagination to run rampant. THE PRACTICAL SIDE OF THIS TOY The shaggy white bag adds a practical element to this whole set. Large enough to carry Mommy and two babies, Great for use at home or away. Perfect to take on long trips in the car, on the bus, train, or plane. Your little one will love having all her precious plushies close to hand to while away the time. All this results in a much more pleasant and less stressful trip for child and parent. CHRISTMAS IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER and this is a great gift for your little princess from Mom and Dad, Grandma and Grandpa, aunts and uncles or friends. BUY YOURS WHILE STOCKS LAST, so you don’t have to hunt down your plush bunnies for Xmas. 5 PIECE PANDA TOY SET FOR GIRLS – Soft and fluffy, black and white mommy bear, 2 baby pandas, baby doll blanket and extra-large white furry purse/handbag - SO MUCH LARGER than any other pet bag. THE birthday gift for any little girl age 3-8 (4 5 6 7 year old girl gift), Christmas and birthdays. THE PERFECT PANDA SET GIFT FOR GIRLS – Meaningful role-play family set, teaches your child how to care and protect. Develops languages skills and cognitive ability along with compassion and kindness. Not just another panda, but a whole family to play and cuddle with. PANDA STUFFED ANIMAL TOY that your girl or boy will love. Our Panda family toy set bring mystery into the life of your toddler and they will love the hours of the imaginary play. They’ll especially enjoy wrapping baby panda up in their very own SOFT BLANKY. FOR YOUR PEACE OF MIND - All parts are USA Children Certified. Made of the best and softest fabrics. WE AIM FOR PERFECTION – We design our own unique play sets for little girls and boys like yours and we’re available to answer any concern you may have. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys
3.  (3.425) READY 2 LEARN Christmas Crafts - Design Your Own Travel Mugs - Set of 2 - Christmas Crafts for Kids - Reusable 11 oz Water Bottles - BPA Free Design your own holiday-themed Travel Mugs with this complete Christmas craft kit! This Christmas craft kit includes: 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs to color and 2 detachable straps. Children will love to create unique Christmas-themed designs, decorate their water bottles and give customized gifts to the entire family! This water bottle craft kit fosters creative expression, hand-eye coordination and fine motor skills as children color or draw their own designs! \|\| These reusable water bottles hold up to 11oz of liquid and are BPA-free. \|\| For ages 3+. 2 CUSTOMIZABLE BOTTLES -- This water bottle craft kit includes 2 bottles, 2 blank insert sheets, 4 insert sheets featuring Christmas-themed designs for coloring, 2 detachable straps and illustrated instructions CREATIVITY TO GO! -- These water bottles are reusable and can hold up to 11 oz of liquid. Children will love to take their Christmas designs on the go! DESIGNED FOR KIDS -- These travel mugs are made of durable, BPA-free plastic. Simply decorate and color the designs, then twist open the inner enclosure and insert them. A clever Christmas craft idea! MAKE CUSTOMIZED GIFTS -- Children can create unique gifts and treasures for the entire family. Brother, sister, mom, dad and grandma will love to receive these personalized water bottles! FOSTER EARLY DEVELOPMENT -- Arts and crafts activities develop fine motor, identification and problem-solving skills in a fun, stress-free way. Help kids grow with this Christmas craft kit! CRAFT, IMAGINE, CREATE -- At READY 2 LEARN, we believe kids should play freely and immerse themselves in creativity! Our products are designed to inspire confidence and let imaginations run wild! Toys & Games Arts & Crafts Craft Kits Scrapbooking
4.  (3.395) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (3.034) Larcele Micro Giraffe Building Blocks Animal Mini Building Toy Bricks,4737 Pieces KLJM-02 (Model 2841) The bricks are Very Tiny, please look over the images before order. We suggest you hold the pieces with a tweezer (not included) . The instructions maybe a little complex, please be patient and you will enjoy it. Once the first few layers have been completed it gets a lot easier. Materials: plastic. One set including 4737 pieces. Instructions included. The product meets the criteria and is suitable for 3+. However, based on the customer feedback, we recommend for 14+. Also it's a leisure game for adults, funny and reduce pressure. Great gift for one who love building blocks. Due to the craftsmanship of the building blocks, if there are any problem during the installation process, such as missing pieces or installation manual. Feel free to contact us! We'd here to help! Please note that mixed delivery of original and new version, you may receive different version. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Activity Building Sets

-   **Embedding search top 5 results**:

1.  (1.354) Big Bubbles Dinosaur Bubble Machine for Kids Backyard Summer Toys for Outdoors Activity, Easter, Birthday Gift for Boys& Girls Product Content: 1 x Bubbles Gun, 1 x 8oz Bubble Liquid. Not Included Screwdriver&Batteries. Perfect for Christmas gifts, birthday gift, party toys, Easter gift, Halloween gift, holiday toy gifts New Year Gifts for kids ages 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 year old boys/girls Refer to the installation steps or installation video in Figure 3: ① Unscrew the screws of the battery compartment cover. ② Put the battery in the correct way. ③ Install the protective cover and the fan blade (1mm gap is reserved at the fan blade installation place). ④ Test whether the operation is smooth. ⑤ For normal operation, install the battery compartment cover and other accessories and start playing Happy Time for Family - Child's and dogs like to chase colorful bubbles in the sun. The pictures of children and dogs playing make most adults and elderly people recall their happy childhood, as if they were children again. The cute dinosaur looks and solid touch are beloved by children alike, toddler kids easily create huge bubbles. With round appearance and high-quality materials, parents can rest assured to watch their children play or game together Happy Time for Kids - Perfect for Themed Party, Ceremony, Carnival, Birthday Parties, Party Favors, Camping Trips, Halloween, Weddings, School Classroom, Easter Basket Stuffers, Outdoor Water Toy Game Activities, Beach, Pack, Backyard Bubbles or Pool party etc..RUN BRAIN GO bubble gun brings fun and laughter to children & parents & pets Worry Free Purchase - The dinosaur bubble gun certified conforms to U.S toy safety standards ASTM. Rest assured to buy and play. We provide 7\*24 hours Amazon Messages best service for your. Free exchange/return for any product quality issues to ensure your shopping experience Toys & Games Sports & Outdoor Play Bubbles Bubble Makers
2.  (1.374) Wonder Forge Curious George Matching Game for Boys & Girls Age 3 and Up - A Fun & Fast Monkey Memory Game Product Description Play the classic game of matching and memory with everybody's favorite monkey! Flip over tiles and find colorful pictures of curious George and friends. Collect the most pairs to win! From the Manufacturer It’s the classic game of matching and memory—now featuring everybody’s favorite monkey. Flip over two tiles to find colorful pictures of Curious George and his friends. Did you find a match? If so, keep them in your scoring pile and take another turn. If not, turn them back over—but try to remember what pictures they had for later in the game. Collect the most pairs to win. I Can Do That. Games foster self-confidence by giving kids a chance to discover what they can do. Favorite Dr. Seuss, Curious George, and Richard Scarry characters come to life—challenging kids to run, slide, hide, seek, sort, explore—and more. By engaging kids physically, socially, and creatively, I Can Do That. Games provide endless hours of fun for the whole family. What you get – curious George matching game comes with 72 tiles and instructions. Clear instructions – Easy to learn with a clear instruction manual. Learn to play in less than five minutes! Develops critical skills – this game helps preschoolers practice their focus, memory, and matching skills. Characters you love – enjoy fun pictures of all your favorite curious George characters, including George, the man with the yellow hat, chef pisghetti, compass, Gnocchi, and more! Great for kids and families – matching not only offers great solo play opportunities for your preschooler, but is also a great game for adults to join in on the fun. It takes just 15 minutes to play, less than 5 minutes to teach, and makes a fantastic Easter gift! Toys & Games Games & Accessories Board Games
3.  (1.376) LeapFrog 490403 Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge Product Description Read & play with Peppa Pig! help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house together! find the objects to pick up and learn their beginning letters. You can also read about Peppa's fancy dress party through the interactive e-book and find out who wins the prize for the best outfit! there are also lots of interactive activities, such as spot the difference in George's dinosaur book. For ages 3-5 years. Works with all leap pad systems. Set Contains: 1 x Leap Pad Peppa Pig Cartridge, 1 x Instruction Manual 100% Help Peppa and George play entertaining games as they tidy up the house. Teaches alphabet, beginning letters, vocabulary, reading, and problem solving Ages 3-5 years Model number: 490403 Toys & Games Learning & Education Electronic Learning Toys Learning System Cartridges
4.  (1.455) 28Pcs Mochi Squishy Toys Mini Squishies Bulk Animal Squishy Kids Party Favors Easter Egg Fillers Stress Relief Toys Treasure Box Classroom Prizes Valentine Gifts Christmas Goodie Bag Stuffers, Random ✔Stress Relief Toys \~ Mochi squishy with amazing soft hand feelings, you can grab, poke, giggle, squeeze & squish mini squishies soft bodies, release stress & anxiety, rid of boredom, promote hand's blood circulation. Perfect as squishy stress toys, stress ball, decompression toys, stress reliever, fidget toys, bring you the peace of mind! ✔Early Educational Toys \~ Animal squishies designed with realistic looks, stimulate kids interest in animals and nature, develop color cognition, spark imagination and creativity, increase focus, help kids with autism &PDHD. Animal squishy also help kids rid of bad habits, like fingernails biting, keep kids away from electric products; let kids learning by fun playing! ✔Perfect Gifts Idea \~ Small squshies in a exquisite box, ideal birthday party favors for kids, treasure box toys for classroom prizes, carnival prizes, class incentives, teaching aids, home decorations, display samples, squishys collections, Valentine toys, Valentine gifts, Easter egg fillers, Halloween treats, Christmas goodie bag stuffers, piñata fillers, Easter toys, etc. ✔Fun Parent-Kid Bonding \~ Mini squishy in vibrant colors, perfect as bedtime stories toys, enjoy fun bonding to your lovely kids, have easy chat & feel relaxed. Squishies toys also great as pretend play props, encourage group play & friends making, enjoy great time with your lovely family and friends, brings out your biggest smiles! ✔Super Kawaii Squisies Pack \~ Kids love playing kawaii small squishies! 28pcs random squishy toys, cute & adorable, made of premium eco-friendly TPR material, 1.5-2.8 inches in length, with various cute squishy designs: mini unicorn squishy, panda squishy, cat squishy, elephant squishy, pink bunny, seal, and etc. Amazing great variety brings you joy of sharing! Toys & Games Novelty & Gag Toys Miniatures
5.  (1.477) MindSprout Unicorn Mommy Stuffed with 4 Babies Inside her Tummy, for Girls 3 4 5 6 7 8 Years Old, Unicorn Toys for Girls Age 4-5, Best Birthday Gifts, Stuffed Animals Toy Age 6-8 MindSprout Includes 1 mommy with 4 babies that can be removed through the zipper pouch opening on mom's tummy. girl toys age 8-10 years old Made of high-quality fabric and durable stitching, these unicorn toys are popular stuffed animals for girls from toddlers to teens. Mom approved safe. Plush Mommy Unicorn is Non-toxic and BPA free. You can rest easy knowing Peek a Bug is free of any sharp edges or harsh materials. Safe and fun exploration for hours! Valentines day gifts for kids, Best birthday presents for 4 year old age birthday, 5 year old birthday, 6 year old birthday, 7 year old birthday, 8 year old birthday, 9 year old birthday We stand behind our products. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with Peek a Bug just return it for a full refund. No questions asked. Toys & Games Preschool Pre-Kindergarten Toys Stuffed Animals & Toys

-   Comparison and comments:

1)  For this complex query, embedding search is better than BM25, but neither is perfect in terms of performance.

2)  BM25 is totally confused by "straightforward to learn" and misses many useful results that do not directly have this phrase. Its returned results generally make no sense.

3)  Embedding search at least has one very relevant result: a game that can be learned "in 5 minutes". However, not all of the returned results are highly relevant. Some random/confusing results still exist.

4)  In summary, embedding search results are partly useful, while BM25 is not useful at all. For complex queries like this, some more advanced or combined algorithms are worth trying to gain more satisfactory outcomes.
